There is no point in trying to close the deal if the audience
doesn't understand what you are talking about and why they should care

BIG PICTURE -- TO THE POINT

definition
an elevator pitch is an overview of an idea, product, service, project
person, or other solution and is designed to just get a conversation
started

9 key parts
CONCISE
CLEAR
COMPELLING
CREDIBLE
CONCEPTUAL
CONCRETE
CUSTOMIZED
CONSISTENT
CONVERSATIONAL

1.) identify your goal
To help inform users on healthy and affordable options/recipies/tips 

2.) explain what you want the website to do
To offer users with helpful information 

3.) communicate your USP (unique selling proposition)
healthy and affordable

4.) engage with a question

5.) put it all together

6.) practice!

Healthy and affordable options are hard to come by. My goal is to have a website that
informs users of options that are both healthy and affordable, and perhaps provide links
to small businesses that they can purchase from. 


Health, pacemakers 

Noela, and Larissa 

Three Topics ...
Recipies and health suggestions for people with diseases
General health tips 
Affordable recipies

Why will people come to your site?
People will come to my site to find healthy and affordable recipies, whether they just 
want to be healthy or they have a disease that requires a specific diet

What questions will your visitors expect your site to answer for them?
What is considered healthy? Where are places I can purchase healthy food/meals?

What types of activities will visitors want to complete on your site?
selecting recipies they would like to make, learn health tips for a healthier lifestyle

What information is necessary to complete any actions your site offers? 
various health tips and recipies, places they can go or purchase from 
(high in protein, high in fat, ... have different categories)

Why will your visitors come to your site instead of another to get this information or complete the actions?
To my knowledge and research there isn't a site dedicated to these purposes. There are articles and subsections
on websites, but mine focuses on specific elements throughout the entire site (healthy, affordable ...)










